chore: update celestia-da.md (#396)
rollkit/docs: tutorials/celestia-da.md

## 🌞 Introduction {#introduction}

> This tutorial serves as a comprehensive guide for deploying your rollup on Celestia's data availability (DA) network. From the Rollkit perspective, there's no difference in posting blocks to Celestia's Testnets or Mainnet Beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial serves as a comprehensive guide for deploying your rollup on Celestia's data availability (DA) network. From the Rollkit perspective, there's no difference in posting blocks to Celestia's testnets or Mainnet Beta.
```

- [Mocha Testnet](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/mocha-testnet)
- [Mainnet Beta](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/mainnet)

> The main difference lies in how you fund your wallet address: using Testnet TIA or [TIA](https://docs.celestia.org/learn/tia#overview-of-tia) for Mainnet Beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main difference lies in how you fund your wallet address: using testnet TIA or [TIA](https://docs.celestia.org/learn/tia#overview-of-tia) for Mainnet Beta.
```

After successfully starting a light node, it's time to start posting the batches of blocks of data that your rollup generates to Celestia DA.

> ## 📝 Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🏗️ Prerequisites {#prerequisites}
```

The main difference lies in how you fund your wallet address: using testnet TIA or [TIA](https://docs.celestia.org/learn/tia#overview-of-tia) for Mainnet Beta.

> After successfully starting a light node, it's time to start posting the batches of blocks of data that your rollup generates to Celestia DA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully starting a light node, it's time to start posting the batches of blocks of data that your rollup generates to Celestia.
```

Install the Rollkit app to ignite:

```bash
cd $HOME/gm
ignite app install github.com/ignite/apps/rollkit@rollkit/v0.2.0
```

Add the Rollkit app:

```bash
ignite rollkit add
```

> Build the Rollkit chain:

Reviewer: is this necessary @yarikbratashchuk ?

Reviewer 2: No, rollkit start does it, let's remove it

Reviewer: @a26nine

Install the Rollkit app to ignite:

```bash
cd $HOME/gm
ignite app install github.com/ignite/apps/rollkit@rollkit/v0.2.0
```

Add the Rollkit app:

```bash
ignite rollkit add
```

Build the Rollkit chain:

```bash
ignite chain build
```

Initialize the Rollkit chain configuration:

```bash
ignite rollkit init
```

> This will create a `$HOME/.gm` directory with all the chain configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a `$HOME/.gm` directory with the chain configuration files.
```

> ## 🧰 Configuring your sovereign rollup {#configuring-your-sovereign-rollup}

Reviewer: does this also change any links back to this section? i.e. any links to celestia-da.md#configuring-your-rollup need to now link to #configuring-your-sovereign-rollup

Reviewer: @a26nine

Author: I don't see any backlinks to this section anywhere else.

> From the `$HOME/gm` directory, generate the `rollkit.toml` file by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the `$HOME/gm` directory, generate a `rollkit.toml` file by running:
```

## 🛠️ Configuring flags for DA

Now, we're prepared to initiate our rollup and establish a connection with the Celestia light node. The `rollkit start` command requires three DA configuration flags:

- `--rollkit.da_start_height`
- `--rollkit.da_auth_token`
- `--rollkit.da_namespace`

> Let's determine what values to provide for each of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's determine which values to provide for each of them.
```

> First, let's query the DA layer start height using an RPC endpoint provided by Celestia Labs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let's query the DA layer start height using an RPC endpoint provided by Celestia's documentation.
```

- Mocha testnet: [https://rpc-mocha.pops.one/block](https://rpc-mocha.pops.one/block)
- Mainnet Beta: [https://rpc.lunaroasis.net/block](https://rpc.lunaroasis.net/block)

Here is an example for the Mocha testnet (replace URL for Mainnet Beta accordingly):

```bash
DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT=$(curl https://rpc-mocha.pops.one/block | jq -r '.result.block.header.height')
echo -e "\n Your DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT is $DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT \n"
```

The output of the command above will look similar to this:

```bash
 Your DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT is 1777655
```

Now, let's obtain the authentication token of your light node using the following command (omit the --p2p.network flag for Mainnet Beta):

```bash
AUTH_TOKEN=$(celestia light auth write --p2p.network mocha)
echo -e "\n Your DA AUTH_TOKEN is $AUTH_TOKEN \n"
```

The output of the command above will look similar to this:

```bash
 Your DA AUTH_TOKEN is eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJBbGxvdyI6WyJwdWJsaWMiLCJyZWFkIiwid3JpdGUiXX0.cSrJjpfUdTNFtzGho69V0D_8kyECn9Mzv8ghJSpKRDE
```

> Lastly, let's set up the namespace to be used for posting data on Celestia DA:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, let's set up the namespace to be used for posting data on Celestia:
```

```bash
DA_NAMESPACE=00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb
```

:::tip

> `00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb` is a default namespace for Mocha testnet. You can set your own by using a command similar to this (or, you could get creative 😎):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb` is a default namespace for Mocha testnet. You can set your own by using a command similar to this (or, you could get creative 😎):
```

## 🛠️ Configuring flags for DA

> Now, we're prepared to initiate our rollup and establish a connection with the Celestia light node. The `rollkit start` command requires three mandatory DA configuration flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we're prepared to initiate our rollup and establish a connection with the Celestia light node. The `rollkit start` command requires three DA configuration flags:
```

- `--rollkit.da_start_height`
- `--rollkit.da_auth_token`
- `--rollkit.da_namespace`

Let's determine what values to provide for each of them.

First, let's query the DA layer start height using an RPC endpoint provided by Celestia Labs.
- Mocha Testnet: [https://rpc-mocha.pops.one/block](https://rpc-mocha.pops.one/block)
- Mainnet Beta: [https://rpc.lunaroasis.net/block](https://rpc.lunaroasis.net/block)

> Here is an example for the Mocha Testnet (replace URL for Mainnet Beta accordingly):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example for the Mocha testnet (replace URL for Mainnet Beta accordingly):
```

```bash
DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT=$(curl https://rpc-mocha.pops.one/block | jq -r '.result.block.header.height')
echo -e "\n Your DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT is $DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT \n"
```

> The output of the above command will look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of the command above will look similar to this:
```

```bash
 Your DA_BLOCK_HEIGHT is 1777655
```

> Now, let's obtain the authentication token of your light node using the following command: (omit the --p2p.network flag for Mainnet Beta):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's obtain the authentication token of your light node using the following command (omit the --p2p.network flag for Mainnet Beta):
```

```bash
AUTH_TOKEN=$(celestia light auth write --p2p.network mocha)
echo -e "\n Your DA AUTH_TOKEN is $AUTH_TOKEN \n"
```

> The output of the above command will look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of the command above will look similar to this:
```

```bash
 Your DA AUTH_TOKEN is eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJBbGxvdyI6WyJwdWJsaWMiLCJyZWFkIiwid3JpdGUiXX0.cSrJjpfUdTNFtzGho69V0D_8kyECn9Mzv8ghJSpKRDE
```

Lastly, let's set up the namespace to be used for posting data on Celestia DA:

```bash
DA_NAMESPACE=00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb
```

:::tip

> `00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb` is a default namespace for Mocha Testnet. You can also create your own namespace by using the below command (or you can also get creative 😎):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb` is a default namespace for Mocha testnet. You can also create your own namespace by using the below command (or you can also get creative 😎):
```

```bash
openssl rand -hex 10
```

> Replace the last 20 characters (10 bytes) in `00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb` with the newly generated 10 bytes using the command above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the last 20 characters (10 bytes) in `00000000000000000000000000000000000000000008e5f679bf7116cb` with the newly generated 10 bytes.
```

    --minimum-gas-prices="0.025stake"
```

> Now, the rollup should be running and posting blocks (aggregated in batches) to the Celestia chain. You can view your rollup by using your namespace or account on [Mocha Testnet](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/mocha-testnet#explorers) or [Mainnet Beta](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/mainnet#explorers) explorers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, the rollup is running and posting blocks (aggregated in batches) to Celestia. You can view your rollup by using your namespace or account on [Mocha testnet](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/mocha-testnet#explorers) or [Mainnet Beta](https://docs.celestia.org/nodes/mainnet#explorers) explorers.
```

::: info

> For details on configuring gas prices, specifically for the Celestia DA network, see the [DA Network Gas Price Guide](/guides/gas-price). The Celestia gas price is separate from the `--minimum-gas-prices="0.025stake"` setting, which is used for the rollup network operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on configuring gas prices, specifically for the Celestia network, see the [DA Network Gas Price Guide](/guides/gas-price). The Celestia gas price is separate from the `--minimum-gas-prices="0.025stake"` setting, which is used for the rollup network operations.
```
